interview-questions.md, before:

# ASSESSMENT 2: Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory as if you were in a job interview.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.

1. What is the difference between a parameter and an argument?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer:



2. The JavaScript built in method .map() takes predefined parameters. What are they? Which are required and which are optional?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer:



3. What is object destructuring?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer:



4. What is the difference between a function and a method?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer:



5. What is the difference between a class and an object?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer:



6. STRETCH: What is hoisting in JavaScript?

  Your answer:

  Researched answer:



## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

Research and define the following terms to the best of your ability.

1. Class Inheritance:

2. React:

3. React state:

4. React lifecycle methods:

5. DOM:

Commit message:

completed iinterview questions, coding concepts, working on code challenges

interview-questions.md, after:

# ASSESSMENT 2: Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory as if you were in a job interview.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.

1. What is the difference between a parameter and an argument?

  Your answer: A parameter is a variable that is passed through a function. An argument is a parameter with values specified that are to be processed through a function

  Researched answer: The parameter is a placeholder for a variable in a function/method definition. The data is considered the argument you pass into the methods parameters.



2. The JavaScript built in method .map() takes predefined parameters. What are they? Which are required and which are optional?

  Your answer: .map(Value, index, array), value needs to be declared, while index, and array are optional.

  Researched answer:.map(element, index, and array) The element is the current value being processed, and needs to be called passed for each instantciation of .map(), .index is the index of the current element being processed in the array. and the array is just the array that was called on



3. What is object destructuring?

  Your answer: object destructing is a method to shorten the path to the value stored at a key of an object

  Researched answer: object destructuring is a method that makes it possible to unpack properties from objects into distinct variables. This means that variables can be initiated to contain paths to specific points in arrays, objects and classes.



4. What is the difference between a function and a method?

  Your answer: functions are sets of instructions to perform specific tasks.

  Researched answer: methods are functions that are associated with classes. 



5. What is the difference between a class and an object?

  Your answer: classes can be thought of the most general description of a type of "thing" with the thing being an object. The classes are general, like surfboards, tv's, tables, car's etc. An object is an instance of a class. This can be a more descriptive version of a general item. A blue longboard surfboard, a square coffee table, a toyota corolla can all be thought of as objects.

  Researched answer:In object oriented programming, classes can be thought of as the behavior of an object. 



6. STRETCH: What is hoisting in JavaScript?

  Your answer: i have no idea. 

  Researched answer: Hoisting refers to when processes or functions can be called prior to being declared within the code. 



## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

Research and define the following terms to the best of your ability.

1. Class Inheritance: inheritance is the mechanism where you can derive classes from other classes 

2. React: React is a javascript library that is most commonly used to build single page web applications.

3. React state: The react state is the current "step" that the process is at. It represents the information for which the computer is currently at. 

4. React lifecycle methods: This represents the start and finish of components within a react component. 

5. DOM:Document OBject Module represents an object or html document with a logical tree.
